will certainly be affected and there are many people who borrowed money too yeah go away is
not ten thousand can not pay back the money, well so ah HSBC this group will be
affected  100 percent drag girls so yeah and at the same time expect yeah the
loss of faith will increase 500 million dollars, that people this is borrowed money
, guys business is not good, why play right?  So you see
these such a US closing action this time?  Destroy a lot of factories
, kill a lot of companies, some people this was originally very normal to do
business, the result of a stick beat dead after that?  Hey,
he borrowed HSBC money for the device, he borrowed HSBC's money and
factory, but now he's giving it to HSBC. HSBC's many machines are very
lucky
Oops, so simple Oops, erotic things are not like that, many banks
, because they divide ige spread the risk yeah, some this lend
you to buy a house, some lend you to buy an office, some for you to borrow, so that you
do not want to do business  In, of course, in the middle, man, you so much business doing
things is not ah, depending on, he will have a back, then after the